# PropJar
Give props to your teammates for a job well done, and put some money in the pot for a team building event!

#Specification

PropJar is a mobile and web accessible application that allows users to give their team members “props” and donate money towards a team outing or event. Each user of the application will be required to create an account with an email, username, and password. Upon creating an account, the new user will be able to search for his or her teammates to create a new team. Upon selecting the prospective teammates, a notification will be sent out alerting the prospects about the new team being formed asking them to accept or decline the invitation. Members of this team are then able to create new PropJar nominees that will be voted on by the other members. Each PropJar has a title, description of the event, and a money goal that must be met to fund the event, and minimum prop money contribution. Upon choosing a PropJar to contribute to, “props” can be given out to other team members for a job well done. Each prop must contain a contribution of money, the minimum of which will be set by the PropJar. No actual monetary transactions will take place in the application. Users must work out how the actual payments will occur outside the application. When a prop is sent out, all members of the team will receive a notification of whom just received props. Clicking the notification will open up the application showing the full prop information. Users of the web application will only receive notifications via email. Users are able to see history of props received, props sent, and PropJars completed. 
